README.md, before:

# parquet-format-rs

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sunchao/parquet-format-rs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sunchao/parquet-format-rs)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)
[![](http://meritbadge.herokuapp.com/parquet-format)](https://crates.io/crates/parquet-format)

Apache Parquet format for Rust, hosting the Thrift definition file and the generated .rs file.

## Usage and Versioning Policy

This crate previously tracked the Parquet format versions, which made keeping semver guarantees sometimes challenging.
As of version `3.0.0` of the crate, independent major versions are used whenever we update the Parquet format.

The below summarises the version mappings.

| parquet-format | parquet-format-rs |
| -------------- | ----------------- |
| 2.8.0          | 4.0.*             |
| 2.7.0          | 3.0.*             |
| 2.6.0          | 2.6.*             |
| 2.5.0          | 2.5.*             |
| 2.4.0          | 2.4.*             |


## Updating Parquet format
- Update the `parquet.thrift` file
- Run `./generate_parquet_format.sh`
- Commit changes

Note that the major version should be incremented when updating to a new Parquet format version.

Commit message:

Bumped version and updated README.

README.md, after:

# parquet-format-async-temp

This is a temporary crate containing a subset of rust's thirft library and parquet
to support native async parquet read and write.

Specifically, it:

* supports `async` read API (via `futures`)
* supports `async` write API (via `futures`)
* the write API returns the number of written bytes

It must be used with the fork of thrift's compiler available
at https://github.com/jorgecarleitao/thrift/tree/write_size .

## Why

To read and write files with thrift (e.g. parquet) without commiting to a
particular runtime (e.g. tokio, hyper, etc.), the protocol needs to support
`AsyncRead + AsyncSeek` and `AsyncWrite` respectively.

To not require `Seek` and `AsyncSeek` on write, the protocol must
return the number of written bytes on its `write_*` API.

This crate addresses these two concerns for parquet. It is essentially:
* https://github.com/apache/thrift/pull/2426 applied on latest thrift
* a modification for the written bytes to be outputed on all `write_*` APIs
